Activity 2

Hub 

1 URL: https://www.webhostinghub.com/
2 description: This website uses the hub interaction design which starts with the home page. Then you are presenteed with several options under
the small business tools. All of these links direct you to a page that describes the benefits for each of those tools but they are redirect to the
same place. That place is the web hosting plans page. It is unique because it impleements the plan page into the page itself so all it does is
it scrolls down so you see it when pressing the different buttons. 
3 User goals accomplished: The goal accomplished here is that the site is directing the customers towards the same point of sale. No matter which 
of the tools the users are learning about they are all being directed back to the offer of the different hosting plans being offered. 
4 Improvement suggestions: An improvement suggestion I have for this is to add a sense of urgency factor as well. This can be done by adding a 
pop up of customers purchasing a plan. Also adding reviews for the service can solidify the sale. Another is adding a countdown for the discount
display saying it will end after 24 hours.

Wizard 

1 URL: https://www.gojctraining.com/webreg-st948369607?hop=02bucky
2 description: This site is for a sales funnel that has a wizard pattern because it has steps and has a multi page procedure that has to be 
completed in the correct order. The first has you sign up for a webinar, then you choose a date and time to attend. Next you get the webinar 
page with a video that gives a presentation, and then you are lead to the closing page where something is being offered. In this case it is the 
full course so that you can learn affiliate marketing. 
3 User goals accomplished: The goal accomplished is that the user follows the exact order that the owner of the site wants them to follow. This
is a very effective way of turning a completely cold lead into a sale. The user slowly learns more and more until they are convinced and finally 
closed on the sale of the course. 
4 Improvement suggestions: An improvement I would suggest is adding a countdown feature to make the sale feel more urgent. Besides that I think that
sales funnels are a great way to close a customer it leads them exactly how you want them to go. 

Guide 

1 URL: https://www.footlocker.com/
2 description: This website is an example of a guide because it does have complex parts but also tries to be like a wizard design. You can navigate
the home page and see the new arrivals, womens, mens and kids shoes/clothing. They all want to lead you to the cart/checkout page but you can navigate
back and forth because that it was shopping looks like. It is not a linear process all the time. Sometimes you are just shopping around and never
make your way to the checkout and sometimes you do. 
3 User goals accomplished: The goal accomplsihed here is that the user has the shoppping experience they could have at a mall but they are doung
it from the comfort of their home. The to cart button is there for every item so they can effortlessly add it and then are always reminded to checkout.
This makes a comfortable shopping experience. 
4 Improvement suggestions: A suggestion I have to make it better is to have an algorithm that pushes the most popular items to the top of the search.
users have a short attention span so it would be better to capture their attention with the items that have been selling the best. 

Progressive disclosure 

1 URL: https://www.netflix.com/browse
2 description: This website uses the Progressive disclosure design because it doesnt overwhelm the user with all the features that the website has.
this is because most users only want to browse the shows and movies that are available and rarely user the other features like settings, alerts, 
dvd, and kids section. 
3 User goals accomplished: This keeps the users more enganged which is the ultimate goal. They are still able to use the other features of the website
but they dont feel overhwlemed by all the options they are presented with. 
4 Improvement suggestions: What I would improve is the algorithm that makes it so that the shows you are most likely to watch are displayed up top.
I would also remove the feature that when you are hovering over a show it starts playing a short everytime you hover. It should only play
the short video for those shows you are unfamiliar with. 
